Priyadarsini Nidadavolu
 
8
640
, Apt #4, Ridge at Chestnut Circle, Kansas City, Missouri 
–
 
64131
 
Phone #: 3466660870 
-
 
Email ID: pn535@mail.umkc.edu
 
 
Date: 0
3
-
2
4
-
2016
 
 
Dear Hiring Manager,
 
I am now seeking internship opportunities that help hone my technical skills in a wholesome work 
environment like yours. I learned of your company through 
LinkedIn
 
portal. 
 
I am currently pursuing Masters in Computer Science at University Of Missouri 
-
 
Kansas City 
with a GPA of 3.13/4.0. I
 
had 2 years of work experience at Cerner Corporation as a software 
developer. As a developer, I developed various healthcare interfaces with which I strengthened my 
 
7), FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) which is a standard protocol for the means 
of exchange of data among the healthcare applications and to work with the backend framework 
named and Cerner Command Language (CCL) are my unique skills. Pri
or to my experience in 
Cerner, I did my internship in Bharath Sanchar Nigham Limited (BSNL) as a networking engineer 
for about 2 months. I also had an experience in developing web applications using Angular JS, 
JSP, JavaScript, PHP, HTML, CSS, MYSQL. My cu
rrent work in Data Science drove me towards 
the learning of new technologies and frameworks like Apache Spark, Spark SQL,Python and Scala 
with a stable API’s like HighCharts. I have worked on a variety of projects which I described well 
in my resume. Also 
I have participated in hackathon and developed a hybrid mobile applications 
that use AngularJS
, PHP
 
and various APIs like Google Maps and WeatherAPI.
 
Upon graduating, I hope to work for a firm that gives me a chance to enhance 
my knowledge with 
the right opportunity and with the innovative projects in the field of Computer Science. I believe 
that my skill set with good communication skills will satisfy your requirements and can be a best 
fit for the position of an Intern at your
 
any working samples of mine or can go through my LinkedIn profile at 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/priy
adarsini
-
nidada
volu
-
a8186a67
.
 
 
Thank you for your consideration.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
Priyadarsini Nidadavolu
 
